Mention DRY in code reuse (#57)
DanNixon/sine2020_software_guidelines_paper: guidelines_for_collaborative_development_of_sustainable_data_treatment_software.tex

Code within a module should be closely related, reducing the need to import unnecessary functionality.
It is possible to test each module in isolation using automated testing (i.e. unit testing), reducing the risk of bugs being introduced into the code base.

> A releted pattern in software development is DRY, or "don't repeat yourself".

Reviewer: is there a citation for this abbreviation?

Author: Wikipedia uses this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself#cite_note-1

Reviewer: lets use it

Author: Done.

> This pattern encourages moving repeated code into common areas so that it may be reused, rather than developers repeating almost identical blocks of code multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pattern encourages having shared code in a common area so that it can be used in multiple different files.
Otherwise the code base would have multiple implementations of the same functionality, which can lead to them becoming different over time and as a result introducing bugs.
```

Author: I'd rather say "locations" rather than "files", but yes.

Reviewer: feel free to change it ;)
